In previous videos or tutorials, I told you I have created one studio method for connection to the
database.
Insert student is one method, then all records get all records.
Using array is another method.
Then I'm using delete record method.
Also get student name method also.
So these are some common things I used with update and record also.
So this is student studio.
Similarly, we created a window which is very less actually because I'm just fetching from the database
and putting because admin has a poor role to use all the student EU and all the methods.
Similarly, we have to create methods for questions and insert also.
So finally, we need to create these methods.
So if you predefined some questions, this is not very useful because you need to again and again use
database queries, no database part.
So if you want to use interface, you need to create one method also.
So I created question the method.
Then this is instruction.
Insert question method I'm using here.
So this is what it will be do.
It will fetch the data.
I'm not providing here.
It's fetching data because I need to create another file also.
So in further part I will told you how you can create JS file here.
And we are going to create JSP file in web pages but also.
So this will execute this and it will update that with your question table.
So I will show you which queries you want to do because we need to just create tables here.
No need to create all things or insert the data we need to create around.
Or we want we need to execute only 5 to 6 queries inside the database only to create database.
So question zero four to get all records of the questions and then delete record to delete the question
and update to update that question part and everything.
So you can update question table using with like you can put new question or you can change that question.
You can change the option.
And there is one another for original question because you need to see that original question also.
So this is all about the question you, which is very simple method and which is very helpful or no.
One question to you, which is very simple, like the logic is simple.
As we are going with studio, we need to get to random.
Similarly for the great questions and everything, I'm using this.
If you know the solid part, you can easily create that part.
I will explain you step by step here.
So for the insert question, I'm using boolean method.
So I am using boolean.
So once it is done it will show that boolean part only.
If true, then I can use that logic and I'm switching the exception everything for the ArrayList.
I'm using ArrayList as a question and select from the question list.
It will print all the ArrayList.
So this is the back end part.
I will connect this back end to the front end to show in some beautiful manner inside our JSP file our
web page.
Again delete record.
I don't want to create some HTML and java file for that.
I will embedded the Java code inside html.
So I am using JSP here, so it will be very helpful.
While creating JSP, you will see how we are going with this part.
So once I released for the record same query delete from question table where question is.
So that star will be from that.
Great question.
And what is your.
Q Good question.
Questions where is the question part?
So question is basically Oracle, which we created on our already good question and all that things
it will you ask a question and it will delete that part and.
That's it.
We are doing our part.
I again handling the exception.
Handling the exception is very important part here.
Always handle that.
Then with original question, new question and with all the options and answers, you have to update
that record and to the new record.
So this is all about how you can create question part.
You can question the method.
Similarly, what I'm going to do, I'm going to do I'm going to create instruction due to insert instructions
and some of getting all records, delete records and update record.
So as we are creating for studio, I'm going with same logic, same methods here.
So get connection, insert connection which contains insert connection with the instruction ISD.
Then what is this instruction?
I see where I'm getting this instruction, which is basically all USB instructions.
I told you in further part how in previous part how we already created this.
You can use your starter method for school and all these things, but I'm showing which libraries I'm
using only connection, prepared statement and results that I'm using here.
Not all of files I'm using.
So this will insert all the values inside the database, then add a list and get all records.
It will getting all the codes from this.
So remember, this is very important these things.
Then similarly for a delete instruction table where instruction and this also queries are same simple
but all I'm changing just to database and all things are simple and similar to once I you have created
students view all things are similar.
This is all about how we can create all things.
So this is all about we now.
We are done.
We are done with OSD.
We part because we already know that and us dot model.
So not only are we finished here only, but we need to create some controlling part with constraints.
Log out instruction, insert method also.
Also we need to create one another things in JSP because we just we are just doing this back end.
We need to create frontend also.
So we will see in this video only how we can go with that part.
So let us see how we can create in that we use controller instruction, insert part.
So instruction insert.
Let me close this part.
So what will this method do?
What it will insert that method with to all things and which is basically a very simple method for the
status and everything.
I'm using this.
So I need, we need to use this method instruction because if you are inserting the instruction, you
need to create some Java file.
We are already created when the instruction insert or instruction duo part which is using simple thing
that audio as you can see this part but we need to push some message that database is updated or we
can say instruction is inserted for that purpose.
I'm using this.
So controller is basically you can see upper level Java servlet which displays only the messages to
the user.
Then DB is for the creating some methods which is helpful to create some database, then updating that
table method, updating the method or inserting some database inside that.
So it will the second layer servlet classes or you can say second level important classes remember or
use dot model is very important because I am creating all the methods with the instructions and everything.
So it will.
If instructions are inserted into that part, it will print message instruction added and it will add
instruction.
JSP Which I'm going to create add instruction.
JSP Method, which is for admin part only.
It will print that instruction inside it.
If not, instruction is not added on that same page.
So this is very simple and this is only for the pushing or we can say only for the showing that message
on the database.
Similarly, we need to create some logout methods in previous part or we can see we can create one only
one button and once this is logout it will go to that first part.
But for some user friendly website, it shows message.
What message it shows, it shows your log out successfully or if you enter, it shows welcome your name.
Similarly that for that purpose I'm going to create some another methods.
So these are very simple methods.
Logout Student And I'm inside the USB package only I'm using this.
Let me change to the startup part only because.
I'm spacing specifying all the libraries which I'm using because you can use or you can use directly
methods like you can always write first code and then you can import libraries because it will take
care of the importing all the libraries.
So it will import step by step.
So you need to optimise this to not start because it takes like it contains all parts libraries.
No need to specify specific libraries here.
So I'm overriding this to this only like these methods.
These methods.
So as I told you.
Oh.
So it has two methods.
Do get and do post.
Do post is for the posting purpose.
Do it is just for showing some information.
So do get is always if to then do post.
Do post takes too much time.
Even JSP is taking too much time for loading.
For that purpose we need to optimize everything.
But if I'm using JSP with do post method it will take too much time.
And where I'm using very small, small things like log out successfully and I'm just want to show this
part or station invalidate part.
I'm just put this once I click the logout button and to show this part only with student log in on JSP
page.
So for that to create method, it will take less time and it is very effective.
So I'm quoting here only.
Printing message method.
So for the printing message then logo, I mean, again, this is very simple method for the log out
and log in protocols.
Similarly for students, I have created only logged student.
Similarly, you have to create for the log in.
So you are again going to use these methods only log out students and everything.
So why I am using this?
Because for user friendly website you need to.
Invoke this or you can say you need to create this part.
Similarly, we need to create question insert part here.
So let us see how we can create one question, insert part or question inserted method here.
So for that purpose, inside the controller, you need to create one another method, which is basically.
Cushion insert method.
Create your solid.
Christian in.
And this is a very important step because it will create a new file.
And I'm deleting this all part.
So let us see how we can do that part.
So let me use.
Some methods here.
So what I'm doing, I'm importing these methods on.
Because these things remain the same here.
Or what I can do is.
I can.
Take it from.
Law student because it is already optimized.
But.
Okay.
So I'm importing all the libraries first.
Then what I'm doing, I am importing.
In poor.
Who is dot db.
Dot.
Christians.
Then what I'm doing is I'm importing model also here because that is not model.
DOD questions your contents.
That part.
Then you need to create one.
I did it with a solid method.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to just pitching this.
And.
I will explain here.
So let us see how we can create this.
Okay.
So we completed this part only because this is a very simple method, I'm telling.
So no need to put this again and again because it's a real Virgin annuity, which is basically defaulting.
Since I already created this part, let me delete this.
Okay, so question insert.
What is it will do.
It will take part from this method and.
Option, one option to an answer only.
So this will setting the answers.
And if the question is added successfully, it should print question added, but if not added, it should.
That question is not added with the same JSP.
So we need to create order.
We need to focus on JSP only.
So now we are done with the question insert or so we are remaining with some another method which is
basically student insert method.
So again, it is very similar thing.
So I will explain you are only once this is done.
We need to proceed with JSP files only.
So let me create one another.
Servlet.
You're.
I'm adding in the Web dot XML.
I'm deleting this part.
And what I'm going to do is.
I'm going to fetch.
Similarly libraries in Europe because.
These things are always similar.
Then.
Instead of using that question input, I'm going to use student input part only.
So.
That's it.
So we are already done with the question.
Similarly, you need to create student insert part your.
So these are all different things, all already created.
So we need to focus on this.
Once this is done, you name, password and user name, it will print to the end insert to that database.
So we need to see how we can create JSP.
So now we are done with all our servlet parts we use.
Controller is done.
Also, I told you in the previous we are done with this and we are done with the model part also.
So now for the videos, I'm going to tell you how we can create JSP part only because we are already
done with this.
So step by step, I will tell you how we can create.
So I will explain the code because writing a code is very huge, because typing each and every statement.
So it's very huge part.
So I will explain the code.